
1.This infrastructure includes AWS Regions, Availability Zones, and edge locations.
2.Aws regirn is always related to cloudfront.
3.Amazon Glacier to accsess archive files. 
4.serverless compute service always lambda,
  Lambda allows you to run a variable and intermittent code.
5.private subnet is always NAT Gatway.
  public subnet is always Internet Gateway.
6.You are responsible only for the optimization of your application that uses RDS
7.EC2 and Lambda are AWS Compute Services.
8.Trusted Advisor provides real time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices..
9.An online resource to help you reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security by optimizing your AWS environment
10.Access Control Lists let you control access to individual objects within an S3 bucket.
11.whereas Bucket Policies allow you to control access to entire buckets.
12.CloudTrail is logging service that logs actions taken by AWS users in your AWS account such as creating/deleting S3 buckets, starting/stopping EC2 stances, etc.
13.Lightsail is AWS’ Platform-as-a-Service offering.
14.Redshift is always warehouse,graphic.
15.dynamonDB is nosql.
16.globally is always multi-Region
17.AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational and risk auditing of your AWS account.
18.Data stored in Glacier is encrypted by default so nothing else needs to be done.
19.The two types of access are AWS Management Console access and Programmatic Access via the AWS API, the CLI, and the SDKs.
20.https, then the bucket name, then dot, then the AWS S3 regional endpoint, then slash, then the object name (url structure for object in s3)
21.CloudFormation supports both JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) and YAML Ain’t Markup Language (aka YAML) for authoring CloudFormation templates.
22.You should re-create the volume from a snapshot
23.RDS is your best option: it’s a low-cost, managed database solution.
24.Trusted Advisor provide best practices and/or or checks on Cost Optimization, Performance, Security, and Fault Tolerance.
25.Edge location i always cloudfront.
26.By default, all data stored in S3 is NOT viewable by the public.
27. VPC allows  Allows you to build a private, virtual network in the AWS cloud. 
 Offers several layers of security controls.
 Affords you complete control of network configuration.
 28.Edge Locations responsible for?
 Hosting a Content Delivery Network called CloudFront.
29. AWS VPC is a component of Networking and Content Delivery .
30.You have just created a new bucket and uploaded a file into it – will this be automatically viewable by anyone on the internet?
 No – by default buckets and their contents are private 
 By default, all data stored in S3 is NOT viewable by the public. If you want a bucket or object to be accessible by the public, 
 you must explicitly make it so. NAT Gateways and Internet Gateways are needed to allow communications between VPCs and the internet, .
 but are not required when it comes to S3.
 31.Your project manager (PM) tasked you with launching an instance for a web application to be developed for an NGO. The PM is especially interested in using an AWS service that provides predicable monthly pricing, and he expects the instance to have the ability to burst above the baseline level of CPU performance when needed. What AWS service should you use to launch this instance?-lightsail
 Although EC2 could have been the correct answer, two things are key here: Predicable monthly pricing and instance ability to burst above the baseline level of CPU performance when needed. Lightsail accomplishes that; EC2 is more suitable for consistently high CPU performance, and costs vary according to usage.
 32.Elastic Load Balancer type would be best suited to help you host a website-Application
 
